docs/support-consulting-contact.rst, before:


.. _support-consulting-contact:

Support, consulting and contact
=================================

Public tracker
--------------

`PyMQI uses GitHub <https://github.com/dsuch/pymqi>`_'s infrastructure for tracking public issues and questions,
feel free to submit anything here https://github.com/dsuch/pymqi/issues.

Support and consulting
----------------------

* **Dariusz Suchojad** (dsuch@zato.io), the current PyMQI's project lead and a seasoned systems architect,
  is available for consulting work, including custom development and support of solutions
  using PyMQI,

* **Les Smithson** is the original author and maintainer of PyMQI. Les is available
  for Python, MQ, Linux/Unix & C/C++ consulting assignments.
  `See here for his CV and more details <http://www.open-networks.co.uk>`_.

Platforms other than Linux
--------------------------

Note that the author has access to Linux 64-bit only hence the free support can
be provided for that platform only. Please contact dsuch@zato.io to discuss terms
of paid support on other systems, such as AIX, Solaris, Windows or any other.

Security
------------

Any security-related issues will be given top priority and should be reported
directly to the project lead (Dariusz Suchojad, dsuch@zato.io). You are encouraged to use this
`PGP key for contacting me securely <http://keyserver.ubuntu.com:11371/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0x80670F52C9D9FD34>`_,
the key's fingerprint is *C9D9FD34*.

IRC
----------
You're always invited to join the #pymqi channel on `Freenode network <http://freenode.net>`_,
a friendly place for discussing Python and MQ matters, if you prefer a peer to peer support.

Contact
----------

If you're not sure where to send your question feel free to e-mail me directly
at dsuch@zato.io.

|rss| `Visit the author's blog <http://www.zato.io/blog>`_

|twitter| `Follow @fourthrealm on Twitter, where project's status updates are sent <https://twitter.com/fourthrealm>`_


.. |rss| image:: _static/rss-icon.png
.. |twitter| image:: _static/twitter.png

Commit message:

GH #20 - Moved pymqi to its own top-level package.

docs/support-consulting-contact.rst, after:


.. _support-consulting-contact:

Support, consulting and contact
=================================

.. note::

    Sponsored by `Zato <https://zato.io/docs?pymqi>`_ - Open-Source ESB, SOA, REST, APIs and Cloud Integrations in Python

Public tracker
--------------

`PyMQI uses GitHub <https://github.com/dsuch/pymqi>`_'s infrastructure for tracking public issues and questions,
feel free to submit anything here https://github.com/dsuch/pymqi/issues.

Support and consulting
----------------------

* **Dariusz Suchojad** (dsuch@zato.io), the current PyMQI's project lead and a seasoned systems architect,
  is available for consulting work, including custom development and support of solutions
  using PyMQI,

* **Les Smithson** is the original author and maintainer of PyMQI. Les is available
  for Python, MQ, Linux/Unix & C/C++ consulting assignments.
  `See here for his CV and more details <http://www.open-networks.co.uk>`_.

Platforms other than Linux
--------------------------

Note that the author has access to Linux 64-bit only hence the free support can
be provided for that platform only. Please contact dsuch@zato.io to discuss terms
of paid support on other systems, such as AIX, Solaris, Windows or any other.

Security
------------

Any security-related issues will be given top priority and should be reported
directly to the project lead (Dariusz Suchojad, dsuch@zato.io). You are encouraged to use this
`PGP key for contacting me securely <http://keyserver.ubuntu.com:11371/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0x80670F52C9D9FD34>`_,
the key's fingerprint is *C9D9FD34*.

Contact
----------

If you're not sure where to send your question feel free to e-mail me directly
at dsuch@zato.io.

|rss| `Visit the author's blog <https://zato.io/blog>`_

|twitter| `Follow @fourthrealm on Twitter, where project's status updates are sent <https://twitter.com/fourthrealm>`_


.. |rss| image:: _static/rss-icon.png
.. |twitter| image:: _static/twitter.png
